Add Muninn check for mass balance and climate compatibility (#471)
ODINN-SciML/ODINN.jl: docs/src/models.md

Muninn.TImodel1(params::Sleipnir.Parameters)
```

Surface mass balance models are run in `DiscreteCallback`s from `OrdinaryDiffEq.jl`, which enable the safe execution during the solving of a PDE in specifically prescribed time steps determined in the `steps` field in [`Sleipnir.SimulationParameters`](@ref).

Neural network-based surface mass balance models trained with [MassBalanceMachine](https://github.com/ODINN-SciML/MassBalanceMachine) can be loaded via the [`MassBalanceMachine.jl`](https://github.com/ODINN-SciML/MassBalanceMachine.jl) package and used directly as drop-in `MBmodel`s. Pre-trained models are exported from Python as a pair of JSON files (`params.json` and `model.json`) and loaded as follows:

```julia
using MassBalanceMachine

mlp = CustomMLP("path/to/params.json", "path/to/model.json")

model = Model(
    iceflow = SIA2Dmodel(params),
    mass_balance = mlp
)
```

> `CustomMLP` is a subtype of `MBmodel` and wraps a `Lux.jl` feedforward network whose architecture, input feature normalisation bounds, and pre-trained weights are all read directly from the JSON export. The network takes monthly ERA5 climate features as inputs (e.g. `t2m`, `tp`, `ssrd`, …) and outputs a surface mass balance rate in m w.e. per time step. It is the *de facto* data-driven surface mass balance model in the ODINN ecosystem.

Reviewer: That's m.w.e. per year actually, see https://github.com/ODINN-SciML/Muninn.jl/blob/main/src/models/mass_balance/mass_balance_utils.jl#L64
```suggestion
`CustomMLP` is a subtype of `MBmodel` and wraps a `Lux.jl` feedforward network whose architecture, input feature normalisation bounds, and pre-trained weights are all read directly from the JSON export. The network takes monthly ERA5 climate features as inputs (e.g. `t2m`, `tp`, `ssrd`, …) and outputs a surface mass balance rate in m w.e. per year. It is the *de facto* data-driven surface mass balance model in the ODINN ecosystem.
```

Reviewer: I'm realizing that you are right sorry, that's per time step for MBM models. Maybe we should mention that for the moment only monthly time steps are supported.
